I'm solo I'm captain than a millennium
default Chewie here tells me you're
looking for passage to the Alderaan
system yes indeed if it's a fast ship
fast ship you've never heard of the
millennium fault should I have
it's a ship that made the Kessel run in
less than 12 parsecs I've outrun
Imperial starships not the local bulk
cruisers mind you I'm talking about the
big Corellian ships now she's fast
enough for you old man
what's the Cardinal only passengers
myself the boy two droids and no
questions asked
what is it some kind of local trouble
let's just say we'd like to avoid any
Imperial entanglements well that's the
real trick isn't it and it's gonna cost
you something extra ten thousand all in
advance ten thousand I don't buy our own
ship for that but who's gonna fly it
King you you bet I could I'm not such a
bad pilot myself or citizens we can pay
you 2,000 now plus 15 when we reach
Alderaan
okay you guys got yourselves a ship
we'll leave as soon as you're ready
docking bay 94 94 looks like somebody's
beginning to take an interesting on me
right handy one one here all right
17000 those guys must really they just
just could really save my neck get back
to the ship get it ready you'll have to
sell your speeder that's okay I'm never
coming back to this planet again yes
Greedo as a matter of fact I was just
going to see your boss tell Jabba that
I've got his money so Jabba won in Chico
tell me when you're scum yeah but this
time I've got the money anytime yeah
cool tie in it una cosa well I don't
have it with me
tell job booyah booyah yahuwah's even I
get boarded sometimes do you think I had
a choice my dad Barney Oh Jess buckle to
attack please that ain't cool yeah Oscar
yes I'll bet you have